Document that shadowed entities are dropped from the submission on submit (#104)
silverpond/highlighter-docs: content/docs/about/whats-new.md

### What's New

- Administrators can enable **Shadow Entities** on a human assessment step and add **Key Attribute** rules that define which carried-over entities stay visible. Entities matching no rule are shadowed (hidden on the canvas, and left out of the entities list and timeline).
- Assessors can **hover** to reveal a shadowed entity, **click** to promote it back into the active set, and press **Shift + S** to shadow selected entities manually.

> - Shadowed entities are not saved on submit unless promoted — submitting drops them from the submission entirely, so they do not carry forward to later stages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Assessors can **hover** to reveal a shadowed entity and **click** to promote its **whole entity** back into the active set. To shadow an entity, press **Shift + S**, use the shadow button in the attribute editor header, or use the shadow button on an entity in the entities panel — each shadows the whole entity, and manual shadowing works on any step.
- Shadowed entities are not saved on submit unless promoted, so they do not carry forward to later stages.
```

> - Shadowed entities are not saved on submit unless promoted — submitting drops them from the submission entirely, so they do not carry forward to later stages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Assessors can **hover** to reveal a shadowed entity and **click** to promote its **whole entity** back into the active set. To shadow an entity, press **Shift + S**, use the shadow button in the attribute editor header, or use the shadow button on an entity in the entities panel — each shadows the whole entity, and manual shadowing works on any step.
- Shadowed entities are not saved on submit unless promoted, so they do not carry forward to later stages.
```
